feat(curriculum): added the Tower of Hanoi Python project (#51347)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-recursion-by-solving-the-tower-of-hanoi-puzzle/64df496c6a8ddf1b38db1ed6.md

---
id: 64df496c6a8ddf1b38db1ed6
title: Step 50
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-50
---

# --description--

In a previous step, you wrote the code to move the largest disk of the sub-problem to the target rod.

> Now, all you need to do is add another recursive call to move the `n - 1` disks you have already displaced. Copy the first recursive call and paste it at the end of your function body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, all you need to do is add another recursive call to move the `n - 1` disks you have already displaced. Copy the first recursive call and paste it at the end of `if`.
```
